you write it so we would actually done
something that I did you put together
like a newer course that you had
proposed to the university correct yeah
yeah that's correct yes it's home loss
of the discourse that you had you know
had intended to put together the
University like may be addressed this
issue that she's heading to hot stuff is
kind of out of date so what did you do
with this ideology had course how did
you approach that it's a great example
that's actually how I better see what
what kicked me in a way into you know me
so I did have a plan to get into online
education and clutch online courses for
a couple of years for this happened but
you know you always need to trigger so
what happened was that about six or
seven years of teaching the subject a
retired and the university was somebody
take it over and I was a good candidate
since
subject now so they asked me to say yep
no problem I'll do it
asking a judge to update it but they
were kidding about that they were sent
via an upgrade so said yes I'll do it
they asked him give them a plan I did so
I i plan subject of the state of yacht
cheese cloud latest version so they
should that stuff we're building project
because I truly believe that project
based learning it's probably the best
ingredient cannot get rounded education
course so I gave them my proposal and
they went to get it done so they wanted
to
a sum of money but not enough to support
a family is pretty bad and they
basically another important thing is
that they wanted to remove all traces of
people you work so I found it very very
bad money wasn't an option to blunt
about it
told them that they were no trace my
work which was going to be 20 so I said
no I lightly and makes day I started
working on my first course in you to me
so they were secure needed at that point
I was dead and can't get change so some
very good points in this because I'm me
was I think its second yeah it was clean
the need our space and I had researched
they all had issue sometimes big issues
as they reach the market had no clue how
I could get students into my closet hey
so they were so there's a hole in your
discussion questions
sure so what you just mentioned here
though is that that's pretty much where
you had like you say you pull the
trigger decided you were gonna go
because you realize wow that was going
to be much more
I take the time to put together this
outline and then when I propose it to
the University
first of all the salary that they wanted
to offer for was not an adequate salary
and then on top of it they didn't want
to give any type of retribution so
people know that you would like this is
like i dont wanna continue in this
direction so let me try putting this
together in a different way this was the
first together in unity in that they
basically that next day and you started
putting together the course and so is
working on this first course than 13 ok
and indeed you just the first published
so that that cause was designed it was
designed to stage a wide range of
elementary level
think of it as an introductory caused to
so it's not specific enough not tight
enough credit for it to be an
independent course unlike you I never
thought of actually making that turning
it into a court many components award
but not so the next day and what I did
was you go back to my childhood she said
in the introduction and design a caution
electronics my childhood spent a large
part of my childhood and we usually so I
had another in a long line in one of my
drawers folks
played with it with that
never had enough time to do it now she's
a head and he didn't have the time to
sit down and started designing a new
course based on the Arduino another
interesting thing to note here is that
my choice for the other you know was
just on my like you I wanted to learn
more about it so what I did was went to
you to me are doing of course you know
me and I didn't find any and I couldn't
believe it was a major platform in the
medical community in electronics and in
the largest online online course
platform in the world there was no
course when you turn me on when the
Adreno so I saw an opportunity this is
just not right
tricksters so that's that's why I
decided to start work on the idea that
moment it was the University then I
gotta feeling that gotta do this right
now check out that somebody's going to
steal right away which happened yeah so
because in learning more about that when
he decided that was a good opportunity
because there was an opening there are
you more of a risk when you get there
are many other courses
the person who's Lake first-to-market go
for you when you think of that but I
interpreted it as an infection in the
market
I knew for a fact that I dunno was big
gathering at the point where I got into
it already had millions wage there were
large companies making stock the end of
you know i phone market but it was a
very healthy and growing Mike room each
market and there were a few books about
it so I could see that unlocked
publishes would invest the money to buy
with the other you know just things were
studied it is not a thing when it
happens but no one had a bit of
knowledge in a particular area it's
easier to to see section she weighs
telling them or avoiding the elections
so I decided that it was erected getting
of course there's always the risk factor
I didn't have a limited time so I was
also a follow-up after all where Lynch
top methodology with lean startup Lean
Startup methodology the basic idea is
that you
prototype I get you collect data from
the market just your strategy and then
he continued so I didn't want to go
crazy with this course and spend six
months or a year
time building something that perhaps I
was wrong about that the regional market
about for me so I decided to go with a
micro course so I did the talking about
20 elections three sections I was also
named the road to the same time I had
never recorded anything before that had
no idea
gonna shop with the use a used a cheap
webcam recordings my lights were
horrible many times you can still see
them in my views but cost comparison
anyway I did my twenty horses so much
twenty launch them couple of days later
I had once I think maybe toussaud's
Monday night maybe 10 or 12 days but you
know when I reached the hundred $150
market haven't actually done anything to
promote it seems to be doing something
to bring people and most of them were
organic sales and advertising so then I
started feeling obligated about much
with Richard and I did give them or so
that's when I started continuing the
development of that same course it is
that a new one just continue needs new
lectures on topics that I thought would
be interested to these existing students
and one thing led to the other six six
months later it was about 15 hours so
it's now I just get a good team
developing it two years later it's now
22 hours I think and I'm still every now
and then heading elections to it depends
on what the house if I get a three or
four requests on the same topic then I
will schedule it in and development you
picture for the topic yesterday